Today today
[music]
[music] I
mean there is no such video which will
entertain you, this video is today's topic,
today's video is this video, we have been cheated, at least you
can call it a fraud, the
case was there, I will tell you recently,
where is the car right now, the fitter of that car had an
accident, a small
accident, on the 14th, I mean, he was driving
in a pothole,
tell me how the accident happened
and I was coming, the
Buddheshwar bridge is the
first bridge you come across, but I was on a dildo
and there was a pothole somewhere in the middle, it was
night time, so I couldn't even see that much,
I went over it, then suddenly
my handle went off
very fast, so I tried to press it completely so that the
car doesn't fall, I did not do anything, I had to save the car, then suddenly a
sound came, so I filled up the air, the
front wheel of the car got deflated, then
I moved the entire car forward slowly,
then after that I saw that the rear
wheel also stopped
[Music] It
is parked at a friend's house, in the morning we brought it back,
TVS Speed ​​TVS
Hazarganj, so you
can see the behavior there, I am sharing the clip with you,
they did not even say anything about the car,
go and get the car and the insurance
claim will not start today, I
mean it was on the 15th, it was Saturday, so no problem, on
Monday they said that the
insurance claim will be registered and
they themselves decided and told me that the
claim may not be received, it was said by TVS,
maybe we will
see among ourselves whether the claim is
received or not, so if
you people have seen the clip, you must have wondered
what kind of attitude it was, TCS ok, ok,
with that, the car was not taken off, then
theirs said that no
sir, we want to make a video, it is not allowed, whatever it
was, you saw it, now the matter comes, the
claim should be registered on Monday, at
least they should be called, so brother, the
surveyor has come, come and see your car, he
came, he rejected it,
rejected it, at what point did he
say that you did not fall, you were not injured,
your car  It did not
come
[Music]
Listen to the recording
[Music] It will
not be available in
school Sir, accidental damage is covered for
travel off road travel, if you have it then you will get it if
you search on Google then you will
find it, if there is any then it will be
covered in it,
no I am telling you
[Music]
[Laughter] It is an
outside palace, tell me this, if I am
buying from you then the contractor, the
papers are the same, the contractor is the one, it is
not covered,
I am checking this, you can search on Google,
you can check with any insurance company or service
center, if there is any information from there, you
can remove it,
we will pay, his favorite will not come, if it was serviced yesterday then do
one thing,
you should get the vehicle surveyed again, what else will
save it from breaking down in the future, if a
mistake has been made then
tell me one thing, it is not
covered on the road at
all, you have
no knowledge of vehicles at all, nowadays their alloy wheels are very
light, if you
are on top of the road and there is any big pothole on the road
[Music]  The
wheel gets blocked
and you can do a job service from where
it is dirty, you should check the pothole,
how deep it was, now it is cutting on the road,
so the alloy wheel cannot be covered, that is what I am telling you, that is what I am
telling you, Bandgi
man, take it, there is a pothole every day or the
ring of the car, if the car falls, then the car which has
fallen on the
car
[Music]
if there is pressure in the car, if its
alloys are closed and the shock absorber
caps have opened, is it
okay for that,
what have you done,
I will check it as per my understanding, it is
okay, thank you, the car has
not fallen, there is no scratch on the car, that is why
they will not give the claim,
after that we talked to ICICI
Lombard Mumbai head office, there is a recording of that too, they are
telling in it that means
sir, you will get a claim for everything, you can
listen to that too, we will not be able to define it much in it
because if we talked, then listen to the
entire recording from it,
like if you take normal insurance, then
your ass is covered up
to the IDBI value amount and if I take it  If you
renew it with your zero depression cover, then the
company will give you the full 100%, let us
clear that whole thing, the
company will give you the full amount framed, if there is an
accident
expense, then the company will give you the full Rs. 30,000,
in that your
car has not fallen and some damage has happened,
like only damage has happened and the car did not
fall, I saved the car,
what would happen if this happened like this, will you get the insurance
or not, I am
telling you one thing, the car has not fallen
or if the tyre gets damaged
or what do they say, your alloy gets cracked and gets
closed, then what does the company
say, if the
fat is too much due to excessive driving, then there will be
no claim,
or if it gets cracked then you will get it, right,
now if there is a person who owns the car, he will
try to save his car, so that it does not
fall, even
if you have bought a car in a parking lot
and it falls from someone, then also you
can make a claim, there are
no scratches on the car, the car has
not fallen and while moving, suddenly assume that the
alloy of the car gets closed
after going into a pothole, something might happen.  If it breaks or
cracks, can you take compensation from the company for it?
You
get it, right? If it breaks, then it is an accident for you,
everything will break, meaning it is an
accident for you. In such a situation,
why not talk about major damage? I am talking about a major
accident, that is why you will get it, it is
covered anyway,
but if you had to take 100%, then in that too
you will have to get insurance with zero dust cover, then you
can claim any part of yours 100%. Suppose, due to that,
your expenses are going to be ₹500
and you are making a claim, then if you have
taken basic insurance, then the
company will give you only ₹250, ₹250 means that it will be an insurance for that
too, you will not even care about it, as
much as your file charges are levied, so that is
why I am saying that if there is
any major damage in future, and for that, you know
that at least according to the cost of your car, the
normal expense will be at least up to ₹5.5 thousand, so do it that way.  If
you are covered in this then you will take
insurance, then you will not get those benefits,
where have you said ICICI head office, from
where is
ICICI Lombard head office, yes
how, I have also sent the link, it is not like that
you will directly open that link and the
payment option will come, first you have to
decide your quotation, what is the plan, what
value to take, which additional cover will be
right for you, check it
accordingly and then get it done, you have 2 days time to
decide like this,
listen
I would like to tell you that something is already going on with me,
your company refused to give
me the claim, the same thing that
I told you happened
with me, I was travelling till 8:00 pm at night
and suddenly there was a pothole, I could
not see, it was dark and the alloy of the car got into it, the
front part got cracked completely,
I saved the car from falling, the whole
car was in a bubble, still I
saved my car from falling and somehow I
stopped it by taking it to the side, right now
if you go to that area and ask, even if it has been
more than 20 days since the accident  And the
company people are telling you that it will not be possible, there is no
strike in your car,
you have some
chances sir,
I am troubled since last 20 days, from that
day onwards, I have been telling everyone that
I have everything everywhere, but
everyone is denying it, they are denying it
directly, I had taken the manager
and I called the showroom there and did
not tell them even once, you have already
registered a complaint
but I will not take
your insurance again in future nor will I recommend it to anyone
[Sangeet]
[Sangeet] let me
tell you what problem I am facing,
I have the complaint number also from
you
[Sangeet] I am
applying from here
only I am being given a pill, I am being fooled and nothing else
and my date of renewal will be tomorrow or day after tomorrow, I
called Triple Six and told them about it, they refused, I
gave the number of some manager named Aman Mishra, he also refused saying that it will
not be possible, what is happening, there is
no scratch on your car, you have not fallen,
you have not got any injury, it is not good
[Sangeet]
thank you  U
[Music]
So you guys heard the entire recording, now
you guys clarify whose fault it
is. I must have a screenshot of
their turn conditions next to it, so you
guys can take a screenshot of that too and read it.
Tell me what you would say brother, I would like to say that
look, this is an insurance policy, one has to buy it
after careful consideration because when I went there, I had asked that brother, please give me the best policy, whereas I went straight to the Speed ​​TVS showroom and bought the policy and it was a good policy, an expensive policy, so that there should not be any problem in it later
and in the end the same thing happened with me, the
company gave up on the laat movement, so I
say that you guys should also be cautious, see, do
everything wisely and as per your convenience so that
you guys never have to face any problem in the future. If
no one happens to you,
therefore, you have to do it very thoughtfully
because scams by insurance companies are
very dangerous. If you want, you can
search on YouTube on the net. Many of our
videos were not motivated by that
too, I have also gone there. It has been at least a
month today and till now I have not even received a rejection letter from these people.
We are getting it made
with our own money, how can
we go to court regarding this
brother, according to the terms and conditions,
we should have given the claim, it is
not written like this anywhere in it, so
you guys please share this video, it will be of some
help, who knows, this may not happen to someone else in future, it has already happened to
us,
their policy is also ending on the 10th, so
brother, make a little change, if a vehicle is being sold,
even if it is accidental,
you are already saying that sir, you will
not get a claim on it, it seems that you are the survey, then
pay a little attention to all these things, friend, I would
like to say something to TVS also,
then this is the situation, if someone else was in my place, then the
vehicle might not be as good
because I have
driven the vehicle for a long time, so I have an idea of ​​how it is
done and what is not, if someone else was in it, then
hundred percent,
we have told in the entire video all the problems that we faced, rest you guys please
share the video so that no other person should go through
this problem,
rest you guys  I need some help and
I hope you guys will help me, so
after uploading this video, whatever reaction I get from there, I will
make a video about it as well, if I get some reaction, even if I don't get any, I will
make it, whatever happens, then we will meet.